c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.exe
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.pdb
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.exe
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.pdb
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick.xnb
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\groundtile.xnb
c:\users\mattl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hitler.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playersheet.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.exe
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.pdb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\groundtile.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hitler.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playersheet.xnb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.exe
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.pdb
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\mattl\Documents\GitHub\MLG-XXXGAMEXXX\Square Jumper\Square Jumper\obj\x86\Debug\Square Jumper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
